# CECS-326-LAB-2-Concurrent-Processing-and-Shared-Memory
The goal of this assignment is to become familiar with concurrent processing in Unix/Linux using shared memory.
This program  uses multiple processes to simulate a swim mill to show the behavior of a fish swimming upstream. The swim mill is represented as a one-dimensional array such that each element indicates the distance from the shore. The fish will occupy one and only one of these elements. The presence of a fish is indicated by changing the integer in the specified element. For example, we can represent the fish by the character F. By default, we will have the fish swimming right in the middle of the stream.Somewhere upstream, a pellet is dropped into the stream. Our fish sees this pellet traveling towards it and moves sideways to enable its capture. If the pellet and the fish are in the same position at any point, the fish is said to have eaten the pellet. Of course, it is possible for our fish to miss the pellet if the fish cannot move close to it in time. Different types of processes needed for this project are as follows: 

•A set of pellet processes: Each pelletprocess drops a pellet at a random distance from the fish. We will call this process pellet. The pellet will start moving towards the fish with the flow of the river. For simplicity, we will assume that the pellet moves in a straight line downstream.

•A process called fish: the fish sees the pellet as it is dropped and moves one unit left or right to start aligning itself with the pellet. As the pellet moves towards the fish and the fish is at the same distance from the shore as the pellet, it stops changing its sideways position and devours the pellet when they are coincident. After eating the pellet, or if the pellet is missed, the fish returns to swimming midstream.

•A coordinator process named swim_mill: It is responsible for creating the fish process, the pelletprocesses, and coordinating the termination of pellets. We could have more than one pellet at anytime. Note that the position of pellet and fish are maintained by their respective processes. 

The swim_mill process also sets a timer at the start of computation to 30 seconds. If computation has not finished by this time, swim_millkills all the children and grandchildren, and then exits. Make sure that you print appropriate message(s). In addition, swim_millshould print a message when an interrupt signal(^C)is received. Make surethat all the children/grandchildren are killed by swim_millwhen this happens, and all the shared memory is deallocated. The grandchildren kill themselves upon receiving interrupt signal but print a message on stderro indicate that they are dying because of an interrupt, along with the identification information. Make sure that the processes handle multiple interrupts correctly. As a precaution, add this feature only after your program is well debugged.
